Introduce 409 - Conflict response code (#588)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: changelog/README.md

# Changelog

## 21st May 2024

> * Added new response code 409 - Conflict to the list of [Response codes](../guidelines/responses.md#response-codes). Response code will be return only in these following operations:

Reviewer: nitpick: Stylistic suggestions:

```suggestion
* Added new response code `409 Conflict` to the list of [Response codes](../guidelines/responses.md#response-codes).
* Introduced `409 Conflict` error for the following restricted operations:
```
